In this video, we're going to get an overview
of our Full Stack project.
For our project, we're going to build
a real-time e-commerce application,
and it'll be a Full Stack application.
We'll have an angular front-end,
and we'll have a Spring Boot back-end.
The front and back-end will communicate
using a REST API, and also on the back-end,
we'll have a database setup,
and we'll have full CRUD support for our given database.
All righty, and so here are our project requirements
from the boss, so we'd like to be able
to show a list of products.
We'd also like to be able to add products
to the shopping cart and have CRUD support
on that shopping cart, and then also perform
shopping cart checkout,
and also add user login/logout security,
and finally track the previous orders for logged in users.
Let's go ahead and look at the wireframes for this project.
Here's our home page.
At the top, we'll have our luv2shop application.
We'll have a search bar along the top.
And also over on the far right,
we'll have a shopping cart status.
Over on the left-hand side,
we'll have some categories where we can shop by category.
And then the main content panel will show all
of the list items of the actual products
for our application, and then in the bottom right,
we can do some pagination and play around.
That's the basic layout here for our home page.
And then moving forward, once the user selects
a given product, then right here in the center,
we'll have the actual product details,
information about the product,
the title, the subtitle, price, an option to add to cart,
and then more detailed product description
for this given item.
And then here's a view of the Shopping Cart Details page.
We'll show a list of all of the items
in the shopping cart.
Over on the right-hand side,
they could perform some operations on the shopping cart
like increase the quantity or decrease, remove something.
We'll see the subtotals.
And then at the bottom, we'll have totals for everything,
and then a button there to actually perform a checkout.
Here's our Checkout page.
We collect the standard information,
write the customers name, email address,
their shipping address, their billing address,
also collect their credit card information,
and then finally we have a section
where they can review their order,
and finally here there's a Purchase button
to actually complete the checkout.
Those are all the wireframes.
Here's our release plan for releasing our product.
We'll release it in multiple versions.
In the release version 1.0, we'd like to be able
to show a list of products, and then in release 2.0,
we'll add products to our shopping cart
and also perform the shopping cart checkout.
And in release 3.0, we'll add user login/logout security
and also support the track previous orders
for logged in users.
This looks like a really good release plan.
I like it.